hey guys it's iron your channel 2 games
TV on YouTube issue number 3 the cat God
is now live in the secret world unlike
previous issues where the developers
focus on adding and expanding content
this update is specifically based on a
seasonal event Halloween there is a new
villain in town named the cat God you
will get to directly confront him in a
series of new missions that will be
activated by a special phone call from
an ally in game when it's close to
Halloween this Halloween event will only
last till the first week of November
though and after that they will be gone
so make sure you check all that stuff
out fortunately there are other noon on
Halloween content that will stay two
missions one is called the binding which
is in the city of the Sun garden is it
it is an investigation mission so it can
learn more about the seven sentinels we
first heard about a seven sentinels in
game back an issue one with an
investigation machine called the Third
Age this investigation as fun
compromises will be one of the most
challenging and extensive in the secret
world and will offer even the most
hardened puzzle solvers a run for their
money and the other new mission is
called dog of war basically what the
world between vampires and werewolves
funcom has also stated that they will
eventually be adding even more outfits
in the coming weeks and will soon be
adding a new pet that will wear a
jetpack to find out more details of
issue 3 and other updates in game check
the description below and stay tuned to
challenge of games for more of the
secret world by
you